#summary Features of the BPT resource management system

= Search =

By default all published entries are shown to the user. There are two ways to display a particular entry.

  * *Full text search* - Searches all entries for the keywords given and an entry is displayed if the keywords are matched. Asterisks and quotation marks are supported.
  * *Tag search* - Some of the entry properties consist of tags. They can be searched using the dropdown menu. Multiple tags can be selected, selected tags are displayed below the dropdown menu. They can be removed by clicking the prepended _x_.

Search criteria are applied by pushing the enter button in a search field or by clicking the _Search_ button. Click _Reset_ to remove all search criteria.

== For moderators ==

In addition, a moderator can see entries by the document status. checkboxes for each _published_, _unpublished_ and _rejected_ are avaiable.

== For resource providers ==

Once the resource provider is logged on, he can switch between the view of his own entries and of all entries.

= Entries =

Each entry is shown in a rectangle. They can be opened and collapsed by clicking the _more_ or _less_ button. Based on their role, a logged-on user are able to perform actions on an entry: _edit_, _delete_, _publish_, _unpublish_, _reject_, _propose_. See ResourceLifeCycle for the meanings of the latter four actions.

= Upload and Find =

== Upload ==

Opens the editor to create a new entry. Explanations of how to fill an entry can be found there.

== Find ==

Returns to the page where all entries are displayed.